hey guys it's Nikki from still moments
nursery and I thought I'd show you I'll
take you through the different felting
needles and the different gauges and the
result basically so we'll start with the
42 ultra the 42 or the ultras have one
barb per side and you can see the
different results so there's the 42
which is your finest and your 36 which
is your thickest you can see the
difference there and then you go to
regulars again the 42 is your finest the
regulars have got three Barb's or two to
three Barb's per side so the 42 is the
finest and your 36 is your thickest and
you can really see the difference there
and then there's also forked as well
which is they take a while to get down
get used to using but once you get the
result now once you get the hang of it
so you do get the good result and it is
a lot finer than the ultras or the 42
options so so basically with the ultras
I've only grabbed two there are other
gauges there are 40 38 which is a really
popular one but I've just grabbed two
too just to show you the difference
between the fine and the thick again
with the regulars they come in different
sizes and 42 being the finest and 36
being the thickest 38 regulars are
generally the most popular again but I
just want to show you the difference and
the fort and the fort don't have any
Barb's they've got a little slot that
you sort of got to catch the herring and
it only works one way so it takes a
while to get used to but you can get a
really really fine effect okay so that's
basically the hare results or the
filtering needles and just to sort of
give you an idea of
the different results that you can get
from then I also thought I'd show you
the fill team tools or the filling tool
actually and as I had a request for that
you can use the needle just by simply
holding it you can tie rubber bands
around the end if you like I find this
does tie your hands because you're sort
of having to pinch it a lot so we can
get one of these mushroom reading tools
I have these available on our website if
anybody is looking for them um basically
CLE they unscrew and you pop your needle
into the the collet that's available and
you're going to make sure that you get
the one actually closes right up
otherwise your needles will fall out
these ones do take four needles and
which is good so you don't have to and
cut your needles um and that's basically
what I used to do my dolls and to do the
hair on my dolls
um fits nicely in your hand um sort of
I've popped my finger over the top like
that and you know so make sure you do it
on an angle but yeah that's the tool
that I use so I thought I quickly show
you that and um yeah I hope you guys
thought it was interesting to sort of
see the different hair results but um
thanks for watching guys bye